Qin Group Qin Chong
Yes, exactly below
Our family is also with Diyun Group
There is still a lot of cooperation
Haha, if you don't say it, I still forgot.
A mere Qin family
Living on the scraps of our Earth Cloud Group
Now you have offended Mr. Shen
Now I declare
Stop all cooperation with in-laws
Don't hit people floating
I'm also a fool.
Blame him and me
Mr. Shen
Are you satisfied with the processing result?
Quite satisfactory
Shen Yan
What is your identity?
What kind of relationship does it have with Lord Piaoxu?
I have nothing to do with this Mr. Shen
I just heard someone slander our place name group.
That's why I came to do justice
Thank you, Lord Piaoxue, for coming to preside over justice today
No thanks.
I'm just doing my job impartially
Mr. Shen is a man of integrity
It's rare
Ye Lao
Your congratulatory gift
Ouch.
Hahahahaha
Oh, that's a good thing.
Then my engagement with Wanting counts
The housewife really has a good eye
I found one for Wanting
Such a satisfactory husband
I declare
The engagement between our Ye family and the Chen family will be cancelled
Yes, yes, yes, oops.
Can Wan Ting marry you?
Really our parents
Hahaha ok
A lot of things today have been retired
Ma Ting
Let's go too